v8.5.5 br: provide a storage target option for BR restore checkpoint data (#20492) (#22236)
pingcap/docs: br/br-checkpoint-restore.md

Before entering the log restore phase during the initial restore, `br` constructs a mapping of upstream and downstream cluster database and table IDs at the `restored-ts` time point. This mapping is persisted in the system table `mysql.tidb_pitr_id_map` to prevent duplicate allocation of database and table IDs. Deleting data from `mysql.tidb_pitr_id_map` might lead to inconsistent PITR restore data.

## Implementation details: store checkpoint data in the external storage

> **Note:**
>

> > Starting from v9.0.0, BR stores checkpoint data in the downstream cluster by default. You can specify an external storage for checkpoint data using the `--checkpoint-storage` parameter. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting from v8.5.5, BR stores checkpoint data in the downstream cluster by default. You can specify an external storage for checkpoint data using the `--checkpoint-storage` parameter. For example:
```
